Young Master Yan
OK
You bully people
You hit me and I don't care about compensation
Are you still hitting people?
Stand up!
Then I forgive you.
Come on. Follow me home.
Sorry Yan Shao
You give me peace
Fu Tingchuan, let me go
I said I was going to soak him
Do what you say
Don't get in my way here
Hitting a woman is not a man's behavior
Sorry Yan Shao
This is the woman.
She is mine.
I don't care who she is.
I hit a woman in front of me
Just broke my rules
Good banquet less
I'm leaving.
Let's go
Bastard of the Bo family
The means are really not spicy
You are threatening me
Can you take me home then?
You know
What's the point of sharing a car with me?
no.
How many people in Jiangcheng are afraid of me?
How many people want my life?
Do you dare to do the car of death?